fix(eslint-plugin): [use-unknown-in-catch-callback-variable] flag second argument of `.then` (#9059)
typescript-eslint/typescript-eslint: packages/eslint-plugin/docs/rules/use-unknown-in-catch-callback-variable.mdx

---

> description: 'Enforce typing arguments in `.then()` and `.catch()` rejection callbacks as `unknown`.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 'Enforce typing arguments in promise rejection callbacks as `unknown`.'
```

(Same for other places)

Author: love it!
